# What Prompt

[What Prompt]([The What Prompt app](https://whatprompt.scienxlab.org/) ) is a prompt reverse engineering game, inspired by Google's _Say What You See_ game (see [`third-party-games.md`](./third-party-games.md)). Players use the form to try to construct the prompt that produced a given Goal output from the given Context.

The purpose of the game is to introduce a person or group to some concepts of prompt engineering:

- Changing the prompt changes the output.
- The concept of role assignment, for both the model and the user.
- Some essential elements of a prompt: roles, style, instruction, format.
- LLM tasks like summarization, improvement, tabulation.
- Different output formats.
- The concept of prompt templates.


## How to play

You are given a **Context**, a piece of text about some topic. The topics are hardcoded in the app, and the context is generated by ChatGPT 3.5 Turbo.

You are also given a **Goal**, a piece of text derived from the Context by ChatGPT using the **Hidden prompt**.

Your task is to reconstruct the hidden prompt by using the **Your prompt** form. Your prompt produces the **Response** shown. It does not have to match the Goal exactly, what matters is that the prompt matches.

If your guess is incorrect, the app will show you how many of the five elements matched with some number of ✅ above your prompt. You have 10 lives.


## Game app

[The What Prompt app](https://whatprompt.scienxlab.org/) is deployed to a Hetxner server and is free to use.

[The `what-prompt` code](https://github.com/scienxlab/what-prompt) was written by Matt and the repo can be found on his GitHub organization, Scienxlab.

It's a JavaScript front-end-only game. The only need for a server is to retain the OpenAI API key; if you point the app at an open or local LLM service, eg behind a firewall, you could serve the app statically.

---

&copy; 2024 Equinor | Licensed CC BY, please share this work.